# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via google-ai-generativelanguage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   qdrant-client
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.75
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.1.10
    # via ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
langchain-qdrant==0.2.0
    # via ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.25
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   qdrant-client
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   qdrant-client
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
qdrant-client==1.15.1
    # via langchain-qdrant
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via ask-pesu (pyproject.toml)
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
